Add tab for UCES scenarios (#18607)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Improved: [#18422] Allow adding images to music objects.
- Improved: [#18428] [Plugin] Add widget description interfaces to documentation.
- Improved: [#18487] Mini Helicopters track can now draw spinning tunnels.

> - Improved: [#18607] A new tab for all UCES Scenarios, if it's installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved: [#18607] A new tab for all UCES Scenarios, if it’s installed.
```
Yes, I am _that_ anal.
